Update docs: troubleshooting with running postinstall (#6494)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/mobile/README.md

### Troubleshooting

If you're having an error with installing packages, or `secrets.json` not existing: 

> try to run `yarn postinstall` in the monorepo `/celo-monorepo` after running `yarn install`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
try to run `yarn postinstall` in the monorepo root folder after running `yarn install`. 
```

> A successful `yarn postinstall` looks like: [this](https://files.slack.com/files-pri/T9SEZ6M9B-F01JP5VDLJF/screen_shot_2021-01-13_at_2.39.56_pm.png).

Reviewer: This file is not public, you could add it to the repo or paste the text output instead.

Author: pasted text output

### Troubleshooting

> If you're having an error with installing packages, or `secrets.json` not existing: 

Reviewer: Could you add a title so it looks part of the troubleshooting items?
